Compute matrix of only the operators that act on overlapping wires (#3084)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  [(#3061)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/3061)

  * `QueuingContext` is renamed to `QueuingManager`.
  * `QueuingManager` should now be the global communication point for putting queuable objects into the active queue.
  * `QueuingManager` is no longer an abstract base class.
  * `AnnotatedQueue` and its children no longer inherit from `QueuingManager`.
  * `QueuingManager` is no longer a context manager.
  * Recording queues should start and stop recording via the `QueuingManager.add_active_queue` and
     `QueueingContext.remove_active_queue` class methods instead of directly manipulating the `_active_contexts` property.
  * `AnnotatedQueue` and its children no longer provide global information about actively recording queues. This information
      is now only available through `QueuingManager`.
  * `AnnotatedQueue` and its children no longer have the private `_append`, `_remove`, `_update_info`, `_safe_update_info`,
      and `_get_info` methods. The public analogues should be used instead.

* Modified the representation of `WireCut` by using `qml.draw_mpl`.
  [(#3067)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/3067)

> * Add `overlapping_ops` property to the `Composite` class, and use this property to improve the
>   performance of the `eigvals`, `diagonalizing_gates` and `Prod.matrix` methods.
>   [(#3084)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/3084)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `overlapping_ops` property to the `Composite` class to improve the
  performance of the `eigvals`, `diagonalizing_gates` and `Prod.matrix` methods.
  [(#3084)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/3084)
```
